
How to Navigate this Module
Be sure to complete the assignments in the order listed! This module covers three chapters and three labs. Begin each chapter by reading through that chapter on your own using the digital e-text or, if you prefer, the optional hard copy you purchased. Once you are familiar with the chapter, you can complete the assignments more effectively. Within each module, you will find an interactive reading assignment and quiz over each chapter, 3 lab exercises (some labs have two parts) and 3 lab quizzes, one Case Study assignment, one Lecture Exam, and one Lab Exam. Some modules also include videos to support your studies.

Why it Matters:
Unit 1 introduces the study of human anatomy and physiology that builds a foundation for everything else you will learn about the human body in this class and beyond. The terminology in chapter 1 will be used over and over again as you study each organ system. The basic chemistry covered in chapter 2 is essential for your understanding of the function of muscular, nervous, cardiovascular, urinary, respiratory, digestive systems, and more! The concepts presented in chapter 3 will help you appreciate how the cells in each organ system carry out the work that is essential for that system to function, and to maintain the health of the body. The work you put into studying the concepts in Module 1 will make your future studies more meaningful and help you appreciate the extraordinary complexity of the human body. Happy studying!

Learning Objectives – How You’ll Demonstrate Competency:
1. Compare & contract anatomy and physiology.

2. Use correct terms to describe body organization, relative position, body regions, & directional relationships.

3. Explain basic principles of chemistry.

4. Describe cell structure & function.


To-Do List Banner
To-Do List
Read each chapter.
Complete the three interactive Chapter assignments for each chapter, working until you earn at least an 80-90% or above.
Complete the Chapter Practice Quiz for each Chapter, repeating up to three times if desired to improve your score and confidence.
Complete each of the three Lab Exercises, some have two parts.
Complete each of the three Lab Quizzes, repeating up to three times if desired to improve your score and confidence.
Complete the Case Study assignment over material from all three chapters.
Take the Chapter Lecture Exam that covers material from all three chapters.
Take the Chapter Lab Exam that covers material from all three labs.
Give feedback about your experience in this unit / module.