GOALS: 1. Describe metabolism in the human body. 2. Describe tissue structure and function. 3. Recognize major structures of the integumentary system and explain how structure and function are related in this system to support body function.

How to Navigate this Module
Be sure to complete the assignments in the order listed! This module covers three chapters and three labs. Begin each chapter by reading through that chapter on your own using the digital e-text or, if you prefer, the optional hard copy you purchased. Once you are familiar with the chapter, you can complete the assignments more effectively. Within each module, you will find an interactive reading assignment and quiz over each chapter, 3 lab exercises (some labs have two parts) and 3 lab quizzes, one Case Study assignment, one Lecture Exam, and one Lab Exam. Some modules also include videos to support your studies.

Why it Matters:
Unit 2 continues to build your foundation for understanding the human body. In Chapter 4 you learn how the chemical process in individual cells determine the function of entire body systems! Your study of DNA transcription and translation will allow you to understand how cells use the DNA code to instruct everything they do! By exploring cell division, you will understand not only how body tissues are replenished with healthy new cells, but you will learn what goes wrong in diseases like cancer. In chapter 5 you will begin to see how unique cell types work together to create tissues and how each of the four tissue types has a unique job to do in the body. This important section will help you understand how the tissues in each organ system contribute to the function of that system. In Chapter 6 you get an in-depth look at your first body system - the Integumentary System. Through a thorough study of this system you learn how it's unique cells and tissues make it possible for that system to protect us from disease, regulate our body temperature, and so much more!

Learning Objectives – How You’ll Demonstrate Competency:
1. Describe metabolism in the human body. 

2. Describe tissue structure and function. 

3. Recognize major structures of the integumentary system and explain how structure and function are related in this system to support body function.



To-Do List
Read each chapter.
Complete the three interactive Chapter assignments for each chapter, working until you earn at least an 80-90% or above.
Complete the Chapter Practice Quiz for each Chapter, repeating up to three times if desired to improve your score and confidence.
Complete each of the three Lab Exercises, some have two parts.
Complete each of the three Lab Quizzes, repeating up to three times if desired to improve your score and confidence.
Complete the Case Study assignment over material from all three chapters.
Take the Chapter Lecture Exam that covers material from all three chapters.
Take the Chapter Lab Exam that covers material from all three labs.
