GOALS: Recognize major structures of the skeletal and muscular systems and explain how structure and function are related in this system to support body function.

How to Navigate this Module
Be sure to complete the assignments in the order listed! This module covers three chapters and three labs. Begin each chapter by reading through that chapter on your own using the digital e-text or, if you prefer, the optional hard copy you purchased. Once you are familiar with the chapter, you can complete the assignments more effectively. Within each module, you will find an interactive reading assignment and quiz over each chapter, 3 lab exercises (some labs have two parts) and 3 lab quizzes, one Case Study assignment, one Lecture Exam, and one Lab Exam. Some modules also include videos to support your studies.

Why it Matters:
Unit 3 provides you with an in-depth study of the skeletal (chapters 7 & 8) and muscular (chapter 9) systems. You will really be using the anatomic terminology you learned in chapter 1. You will apply what you're learning to understand how the bones protect us, provide structural support, store chemicals like calcium and phosphate, and host the production of blood. You'll also apply what you've learned about cells and tissues to understand the unique functions of the muscular system and how this system provides movement, protection, and support. These two systems work together to give us both stability and movement. Enjoy learning about your amazing body!

Learning Objectives – How You’ll Demonstrate Competency:
1.Recognize major structures of the skeletal and muscular systems.

2.Explain how structure and function are related in this system to support body function.



To-Do List
Read each chapter.
Complete the three interactive Chapter assignments for each chapter, working until you earn at least an 80-90% or above.
Complete the Chapter Practice Quiz for each Chapter, repeating up to three times if desired to improve your score and confidence.
Complete each of the three Lab Exercises, some have two parts.
Complete each of the three Lab Quizzes, repeating up to three times if desired to improve your score and confidence.
Complete the Case Study assignment over material from all three chapters.
Take the Chapter Lecture Exam that covers material from all three chapters.
Take the Chapter Lab Exam that covers material from all three labs.
Give feedback about your experience in this unit / module.