GOALS: Recognize major structures of the nervous system and explain how structure and function are related in this system to support body function.

How to Navigate this Module
Be sure to complete the assignments in the order listed! This module covers three chapters and three labs. Begin each chapter by reading through that chapter on your own using the digital e-text or, if you prefer, the optional hard copy you purchased. Once you are familiar with the chapter, you can complete the assignments more effectively. Within each module, you will find an interactive reading assignment and quiz over each chapter, 3 lab exercises (some labs have two parts) and 3 lab quizzes, one Case Study assignment, one Lecture Exam, and one Lab Exam. Some modules also include videos to support your studies.

Why it Matters:
You will be spending ALL of Unit 4 getting to know the Nervous System! From the unique features of individual neurons to the organization of the brain and nerves, you will learn how this extraordinary system helps coordinate body functions from reflexes to complex decision making. In Chapter 10 you'll begin by learning the basic structures and functions of the nervous system. You will build on that in Chapter 11 by learning how the system is divided into distinct anatomic and functional divisions. Finally, you'll conclude your study of the nervous system by learning how the system allows us to experience and respond to our environment through our senses. Enjoy this last adventure in your journey of discovering the anatomy and physiology of the human body!

Learning Objectives – How You’ll Demonstrate Competency:
1. Recognize major structures of the nervous system.

2. Explain how structure and function are related in this system to support body function. 


To-Do List Banner
To-Do List
Read each chapter.
Complete the three interactive Chapter assignments for each chapter, working until you earn at least an 80-90% or above.
Complete the Chapter Practice Quiz for each Chapter, repeating up to three times if desired to improve your score and confidence.
Complete each of the three Lab Exercises, some have two parts.
Complete each of the three Lab Quizzes, repeating up to three times if desired to improve your score and confidence.
Complete the Case Study assignment over material from all three chapters.
Take the Chapter Lecture Exam that covers material from all three chapters.
Take the Chapter Lab Exam that covers material from all three labs.
Give feedback about your experience in this unit / module.